README for SWIFT/T (#37) (#41)
ExaWorks/SDK: docker/swift-t/README.adoc

= Dockerfile: Swift/T

== Overview

This Dockerfile will install Swift/T using the OpenMPI provided by the ExaWorks SDK Base image.  It is a vanilla installation with no integrated language support.

== Usage

----
$ docker build .
----

== Method

=== Usage of Base

This image relies on several packages from the ExaWorks SDK Base (Centos 7), particularly the C tools and OpenMPI.

=== Dependencies

> Dependencies are considered in the shell script install-deps.sh .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependencies are considered in the shell script `install-deps.sh`.
```

ZSH and SWIG are installed from Yum.

Swift/T relies on Tcl 8.6, which is not supported in Centos 7, so we build that manually.

=== Build

> Swift/T is built from source in install-swift-t.sh .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Swift/T is built from source in `install-swift-t.sh`.
```

> This is a standard build from GitHub.  sed is used to populate the Swift/T settings file before the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a standard build from the Swift/T GitHub repo. `sed` is used to populate the Swift/T settings file before the build.
```

> See the following link for more information about compiling Swift/T: http://swift-lang.github.io/swift-t/guide.html#install_source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more information about compiling Swift/T [here](http://swift-lang.github.io/swift-t/guide.html#install_source)
```

== Tests

> Currently, a small test suite is run from shell script test-sanity.sh .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, a small test suite is run from shell script `test-sanity.sh`.
```
